Add GitHub codespaces badge to readme (#1)
pyOpenSci/ff-2024-create-python-package: README.md

# 2024 pyOpenSci Fall Festival: Create Your First Python Package

> This repo is setup for the pyOpenSci Fall Festival Create a Python Package workshop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo is set up for the pyOpenSci 2024 Open Science Festival. Create a Python Package & share your code workshops.
```
